# Store Rules

![World War Online Store](images/header_store.webp "World War Online Store")

## 1. Object

Store Rules are applied to players and users that make purchases through World War Online Store
("The Game" or "The Service"), a service provided by Chilltime Lda. ("Chilltime").

Before proceeding with a purchase, you should carefully read the following Store Rules. By placing
an order to purchase a product and/or a service on or through <www.worldwaronline.com> or World War
Online App (available on Google Play and App Store), you agree to be bound by this legal contract
and you acknowledge that you are at least 18 years old or that you have the permission from your
parents or a legal guardian to enter into this legal contract.

## 2. In-Game Currency and Goods

Our Game may include a virtual, in-game currency (“Virtual Currency”) including, but not limited to
coins, cash, or points, that may be purchased from World War Online Store for “real world” money if
you are a legal adult in your country of residence. The Game may also include virtual, in-game
digital items (“Virtual Goods”) that may be purchased from World War Online Store for “real world”
money or for Virtual Currency. Regardless of the terminology used, Virtual Currency and Virtual
Goods may never be redeemed for “real world” money, goods or other items of monetary value from
Chilltime, World War Online or any other party.

Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use the
Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency in the Service, you have no right or title in or to any such
Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency appearing or originating in the Service, or any other attributes
associated with use of the Service or stored within the Service.

Chilltime has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Virtual
Currency and/or Virtual Goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion, and Chilltime shall have no
liability to you or anyone for the exercise of such rights.

Transfers of Virtual Currencies and Virtual Goods are strictly prohibited except where explicitly
authorized within the Service. Outside of the game, you may not buy or sell any Virtual Currency or
Virtual Goods for “real world” money or otherwise exchange items for value. Any attempt to do so is
in violation of these Terms and may result in a lifetime ban from World War Online and possible
legal action.

## 3. Pricing and Payments

### 3.1. Pricing

Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to modify or
discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be
liable to you or any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of
the Service.

### 3.2. Authorized Payment Methods

Different payment methods, such as credit card, may be available to you when making a purchase
through World War Online Store. When you use third party payment and billing providers, such as
PayPal, the provider’s additional terms, and costs, may apply. It is your obligation to pay all
National, Federal, State and local taxes associated with the receipt or use of the digital goods
which you purchase from World War Online.

These are the only available payment methods for purchases within World War Online Store:

-   Paypal
-   2Checkout
-   Cash U
-   Fortumo
-   Apple Pay
-   Google Play

## 4. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our Store will be uninterrupted, timely,
secure or error-free.

You understand that your transaction content (not including credit card information), may be
transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to
conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card
information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Game, use of
the Game, or access to the Game or any contact on the website through which the game is provided,
without express written permission of Chilltime.

We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of our Store will be accurate
or reliable.

You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel
the service at any time, without notice to you.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The
service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly
stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representations,
warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or
conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability,
title, and non-infringement.

In no case shall World War Online, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents,
contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss,
claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind,
including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement
costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict
liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using
the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product,
including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any
kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted,
or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility.

Because some states or jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdiction, our liability shall be limited
to the maximum extent permitted by law.

## 5. Refunds

By making purchases in World War Online Store, you agree that all sales of Virtual Goods and
Currencies are final. No refunds will be given, except in our sole and absolute discretion. All
Virtual Goods and Currencies are forfeited if your account is terminated or suspended for any
reason, in Chilltime's sole and absolute discretion, or if Chilltime discontinues providing the
Game.

### 5.1. Exceptions

In case you made a purchase through World War Online Store, but didn't receive the purchased goods
in your Store section or the received goods don't match the purchase you made, please reach out to
us using our [Google Forms](https://www.worldwaronline.com/t/support_guides) or our email
[support@worldwaronline.com.](mailto:support@worldwaronline.com)

## 6. Availability

All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at
the sole discretion of us, and we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price
reduction or promotional offering.

We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any
person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We
reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. Any offer for
any product or service made on this Site is void where prohibited.

## 7. Taxes

We will charge taxes on products purchased when taxes are applicable. You agree to pay all fees and
applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an account registered to you.

## 8. Revoked Store Access

We reserve the right to revoke access to World War Online's Store, to any player or user of the game
that violates any of the rules stated in our [Terms](tos.md), [Privacy Policy](privacy.md) and/or
[Game Rules](rules.md).

This includes (but it is not limited to):

-   Being below the legal age of majority;
-   Exploit of any Store bugs that may occur;
-   Sharing a payment account with other user or player;
-   Opening claims on items that were correctly purchased, collected and used in-game;
-   Using unauthorized and/or third-party credit cards or other payment methods without the owner's
    consent.

## 9. Updates on Store Rules

World War Online may, from time to time, change, modify or update these Store Rules, without further
notice, and that the revised terms will apply to all subsequent purchases.

You agree that you will review the Store Rules before you proceed with any purchase. If you have any
questions, comments, or concerns about our Store Rules, please reach out to us using our
[Google Forms](https://www.worldwaronline.com/t/support_guides) or our email
[support@worldwaronline.com.](mailto:support@worldwaronline.com)
